# CONTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT

Thank you for Your interest in contributing to the Code for Life project (the “**Project**”) managed by Ocado Technology
(“**Ocado**”, “**We**” or “**Us**”). Please read the following terms carefully. By contributing to the Code for Life
project on this website You are agreeing to the following terms.

**1. DEFINITIONS**

1.1. “**Agreement**” means this contributor agreement.

1.2. “**You**” or “**Your**” means the individual who Submits a Contribution to Us.

1.3. “**Code**” means the computer software code, whether in human-readable or machine-executable form, that is
Submitted by You.

1.4. “**Contribution**” means the Code and any other work of authorship that is Submitted by You to Us in which You own
or assert ownership of the copyright.

1.5. “**Submit**” means the act of uploading, submitting, transmitting, or distributing code or other content to the
Project.

**2. GRANT OF RIGHTS**

**2.1. Copyright License**

2.1.1. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, You grant to Us, and those who receive the Contribution
directly or indirectly from Us, a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, transferable, royalty-free, irrevocable license
to use, reproduce, modify, display, prepare derivative works of, perform, distribute and commercialise the Contribution,
with the right to sub-license, and permit sub-licensees to sub-license, the same.

2.1.2. Each party reserves all rights not expressly granted in this Agreement. No additional licenses or rights are
granted by implication, exhaustion, estoppel or otherwise.

2.1.3. You retain ownership of the copyright in Your Contribution. This Agreement does not affect any rights You have to
use or license Your Contribution as You see fit.

**2.2. Patent License**

You grant us, and those who receive the Contribution directly or indirectly from Us, a perpetual, worldwide,
non-exclusive, transferable, royalty-free, irrevocable patent license under Your patent claims (but only to the extent
that the exercise of the licensed rights infringes such patent claims) to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale,
import and otherwise transfer or dispose of the Contribution, alone or with the Project, with the right to sub-license,
and permit sub-licensees to sub-license, the same.

**2.3. No right to use trademarks**

2.3.1. Neither this Agreement nor your Contribution to the Project grants You any right, title or interest in any
“Ocado” logos, trade names or the trademark “Ocado” or any other trademarks or domain names owned by Ocado Innovation
Limited or the Ocado group of companies or any other distinctive brand features of “Ocado” as may be secured from time
to time.

2.3.2. You must not distribute any modification of this Project using the trademark “Ocado”.

**3. USE IN THE PROJECT**

3.1. You acknowledge that We are not obliged to use Your Contribution as part of the Project. We may decide to include
any Contribution (in whole or in part) that We consider appropriate in Our sole discretion.

3.2. You acknowledge and agree that Contributions to the Project may be maintained in perpetuity and publicly disclosed.
This may include Your name and other information that You Submit.

**4. ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS**

4.1. Unless You are a current employee or contractor of Ocado or any member of its group, You must not claim any
affiliation or association with Ocado or its employees, other than as set out in this clause 4. E.g. making a
Contribution to the Project does not grant You the right to claim that You have worked for or are employed by Ocado or
any member of its group.

4.2. If You wish to disclose publicly that You have contributed to the Project (e.g. on a website, on social media, in a
curriculum vitae, in interviews etc.) You agree that You will not do this unless You have received confirmation from Us
that we have used Your Contribution in the Project.

**5. REPRESENTATIONS**

5.1. You confirm that:

5.1.1. You have the legal authority to enter into this Agreement.

5.1.2. You are legally entitled to grant the licences in clause 2 and the grant of these licences will not infringe any
third party rights.

5.1.3. If You are under eighteen years of age, You have Your parent(s)’ or guardian(s)’ permission to Contribute to the
Project and enter into this Agreement.

5.1.4. If Your Contribution is made in the course of Your employment (or any other working relationship) or Your
employer (or anyone else for whom you are working) has intellectual property rights in Your Contribution, You have
secured permission from Your employer to make the Contribution on the terms of this Agreement.

5.1.5. Each of Your Contributions is entirely Your original work.

5.1.6. You will not Submit Contributions that contain Code or other material, the use of which is restricted by a
licence or by some other means, which:

5.1.6.1. is incompatible with the licence grants in clause 2 of this Agreement; or

5.1.6.2. would result in Us being unable to freely use that part of Your Contribution in the Project and/or onward
license it under the GNU Affero General Public License Version 3, 19 November 2007.

5.2. Unless required by applicable law and except for the warranties in clause 5.1, Your Contribution is provided
“as is” and without express or implied warranty of any kind, including any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a
particular purpose and non-infringement.

**6. MISCELLANEOUS**

6.1. This Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with English law and the parties submit to the irrevocable jurisdiction of the English courts.

6.2. This Agreement is the entire agreement between You and Us, and supersedes any and all prior agreements,
understandings or communications, written or oral, between You and Us relating to its subject matter. This Agreement may
be assigned by Us.
